The first obvious step to improve the model
is to preprocess the data.
I'm going to add two preprocessing steps,
normalizing the data and mean centering the data.
For normalization, I'll add a Lambda layer to my model.
Within this Lambda layer, I'll normalize the image
by dividing each element by 255, which
is the maximum value of an image pixel.
Once the image is normalized to a range between 0 and 1,
I'll mean center the image by subtracting 0.5
from each element, which will shift the element mean down
from 0.5 to 0.
When I train this model, now I can
see that the training loss and the validation loss
are both much smaller, which is a good sign.
However, the validation loss only decreases
for the first few epoches and then starts oscillating
up and down.
Again, that's a sign that the model may be
overfitting the training data.
I'll reduce the number of epoches and train the model again.
This time, both the training loss and the validation loss
decreased monotonically, which is what I hoped to see.
I'm excited to see how well this model drives the car.